Cats are animals.
Animals have a head.
Percy is a cat.
Are cats animals?
Does Percy have a head?
Plants are not animals.
Iron conducts electricity.
Glass does not conduct electricity.
An electrical conductor is a vehicle for the flow of electricity.
Conductor is a person who conducts an orchestra.
Steve is a conductor.
John ingested poison.
John was born in 1990.
Steve thinks John ingested poison.
Poison kills when eaten.
Born in a small town, she took the midnight train going anywhere.
The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they advocated violence.
The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it's too small.
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had given.
What states border Texas and have a major river?
What is the total population of the states that border Texas?
What states border states that border states that border states that border Texas.
A laser is used for producing light.
A leaf absorbs sunlight to perform photosynthesis.
A flashlight converts chemical energy into light energy.
A flashlight emits light.
A flashlight requires a source of electricity to produce light.
A light bulb converts electrical energy into light energy when it is turned on.
A light bulb requires electrical energy to produce light.
A mirror is used for reflecting light.
A mirror reflects light.
A plant light is used for help plants by mimicking sunlight.
A plant requires sunlight for photosynthesis.
A plant requires sunlight to grow.
A prism refracts light.
A rainbow is formed by refraction of light by splitting light into all different colors.
A reflector is used to reflect light especially on vehicles.
A star is a source of light energy through nuclear reactions.
A star is a source of light through nuclear reactions.
A solar panel converts sunlight into electricity.
A white object reflects all visible light.
Absorbing sunlight causes objects to heat.
A candle is a source of light when it is burned.
A desert environment usually has a lot of sunlight.
A revolution is when something revolves around something else.
A complete revolution of the Earth around the sun takes one Earth year.
A complete revolution of the Earth around the sun takes one solar year.
A revolution is when something revolves around something else.
A revolution of the moon around the Earth takes 1 month.
A planet is exposed to the heat of the star around which it revolves.
A satellite orbits a planet.
Pluto is the planet that is ninth closest to the Sun.
A planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet.
Earth is the planet that is third closest to the Sun.
what is the name of Justin Bieber's brother?
What character did Natalie Portman play in star wars?
Where did Donald Trump go to college?
What countries around the world speak french?