Cats are animals.
Plants are not animals.
Animals have a head.
Poison kills when eaten.
Iron conducts electricity.
Glass does not conduct electricity.
John ingested poison.
John was born in 1990.
Are cats animals?
Which of these is an animal: Percy or John?
Are there four cats on the couch?
Steve thinks John ingested poison.
Born in a small town, she took the midnight train going anywhere.
An example of camouflage is when something has the same color as its environment.
An example of camouflage is when something is the same color as its environment.
Percy is a cat.
Three cats sit on the couch.
Are cats animals?
Does Percy have a head?
Is John alive?
Which of these is an animal: Percy or John?
Are there four cats on the couch?
Steve thinks John ingested poison.
Donald Trump said John was born in 1990.
In the book 'Hobbit' there are dragons.
John ate two hamburgers yesterday.
Three cats sat on the couch.
Three cats sat on the couch at John's place.
Poison causes harm to living things.
John picked up the apple.
John went to the office.
John went to the kitchen.
John dropped the apple.
how many states border Texas?
what states border texas and have a major river?
what is the total population of the states that border texas?
what states border states that border states that border states that border texas.
A bee is a pollinating animal.
A bird is a pollinating animal.
An electrical conductor is a vehicle for the flow of electricity.
An example of a change in the Earth is an ocean becoming a wooded area.
An example of a chemical change is acid breaking down substances.
An example of a fossil is a footprint in a rock.
An example of a fossil is a paw print in rock.
An example of a fossil is the bones of an extinct animal.
An example of a mixture is clay mixed together.
An example of a reproductive behavior is salmon returning to their birthplace to lay their eggs.
An example of a seasonal change is an animal growing thick fur for keeping warm in the winter.
An example of a seasonal change is plants becoming dormant in the winter.
An example of a seasonal change is plants dying in the winter.
An example of an adaptation is camel humps.
An example of an inherited behavior is a bird building a nest.
An example of an instinct is the kangaroo 's ability to crawl into its mother 's pouch to drink milk.
An example of an instinctive behavior is a baby bird pecking at its shell to hatch.
An example of avoiding waste is using a material more than once.
An example of avoiding waste is using an object more than once.
An example of camouflage is an organism looking like leaves.
An example of camouflage is when an organism looks like its environment.
An example of camouflage is when something changes color in order to have the same color as its environment.
An example of camouflage is when something has the same color as its environment.
An example of camouflage is when something is the same color as its environment.
An example of collecting data is measuring.
An example of combining two substances is pouring one substance into the other substance.
An example of conservation is avoiding waste.
An example of conservation is not using fossil fuel.
An example of creating an alternative fuel is turning plant material into fuel.
An example of evaporation is a body of water drying up by absorbing heat energy.
An example of hibernation is a frog burying itself in mud.
An example of hitting something is dropping an object onto that something.
An example of hunting is an otter cracking open clams with a rock.
An example of migration is birds flying south in the winter.
An example of moisture is water vapor in the atmosphere.
An example of navigation is directing a boat.
An example of playing a musical instrument is hitting the keys of a piano.
An example of playing a musical instrument is strumming a guitar string.
An example of protecting the environment is creating protected areas.
An example of protecting the environment is reducing the amount of pollutants.
An example of protecting the environment is reducing the amount of waste.
An example of recycling is using an object to make a new object.
An example of replacing a natural resource is planting new trees where a forest once stood.
An example of reproduction is laying eggs.
An example of seed dispersal is animals eating seeds.
An example of seed dispersal is is an animal gathering seeds.
An example of stormy weather is rain.
An example of using tools is a chimpanzee digging for insects with a stick.
An example of weathering is when a plant root grows into a crack in rock.
An insect is a pollinating animal.
August is during the winter in the southern hemisphere.
DNA is a vehicle for passing inherited characteristics from parent to offspring.
December is during the summer in the southern hemisphere.
December is during the winter in the northern hemisphere.
Earth's magnetic patterns are used for finding locations by animals that migrate.
Earth's surface is made of rock.
Earth's tilt on its axis causes seasons to occur.
Earth is made of rock.
Earth is the planet that is third closest to the Sun.
Earth orbiting the Sun causes seasons to change.
Galileo Galilei made improvements to the telescope to make better observations of celestial bodies.
In the cellular respiration process carbon dioxide is a waste product.
In the food chain process a green plant has the role of producer.
In the food chain process an animal has the role of consumer which eats other animals for food.
In the food chain process an animal has the role of consumer which eats producers for food.
In the food chain process bacteria have the role of decomposer.
In the food chain process fungi have the role of decomposer.
In the food chain process some types of plankton have the role of producer.
In the photosynthesis process carbon dioxide has the role of raw material.
In the photosynthesis process oxygen has the role of waste product.
In the respiration process carbon dioxide is a waste product.
In the tree reproduction process a squirrel has the role of seed disperser.
January is during the winter in the northern hemisphere.
June is during the summer in the northern hemisphere.
June is during the winter in the southern hemisphere.
Louis Pasteur invented pasteurization.
Matter in the gas phase has variable shape.
Matter in the gas phase has variable volume.
Matter in the liquid phase has definite volume.
Matter in the liquid phase has variable shape.
Matter in the solid phase has definite shape.
Pluto is the planet that is ninth closest to the Sun.
Vitamin D heals bones.
A Punnett square is used to identify the percent chance of a trait being passed down from a parent to its offspring.
A Rotation of the Earth on Earth 's axis takes 1 day.
A Rotation of the Earth on itself takes one day.
A balance is used for measuring mass of an object.
A balance is used for measuring weight of a substance.
A balloon contains gas.
A barometer is used to measure air pressure.
A bat births live young.
A battery converts chemical energy into electrical energy.
A battery is a source of electrical energy.
A beach ball contains gas.
A beak is used for catching prey by some birds.
A berry contains seeds.
A bicycle contains screws.
A bird is warm-blooded.
A body of water is a source of water.
A bubble contains gas.
A cactus stem is used for storing water.
A cactus stores water.
A camera is used for recording images.
A candle is a source of light when it is burned.
A canyon forming occurs over a period of millions of years.
A canyon is made of rocks.
A car engine is a source of heat.
A car engine usually converts gasoline into motion and heat through combustion.
A carbonated beverage contains dissolved carbon dioxide.
A cavern is formed by carbonic acid in groundwater seeping through rock and dissolving limestone.
A chipmunk eats acorns.
A chloroplast contains chlorophyll.
A closed circuit has continuous path.
A community is made of many types of organisms in an area.
A compass 's needle lines up with Earth 's magnetic poles.
A compass is a kind of tool for determining direction by pointing north.
A compass is used to navigate oceans.
A compass is used to navigate seas.
A complete electrical circuit is a source of electrical energy.
A complete revolution of the Earth around the sun takes one Earth year.
A complete revolution of the Earth around the sun takes one solar year.
A computer controls a robot.
A consumer can not produce its own food.
A cycle happens repeatedly.
A cycle occurs repeatedly.
A decrease in visibility while driving can cause people to crash their car.
A deer lives in a forest.
A dense forest environment is often dark in color.
A desert environment contains very little food.
A desert environment has low rainfall.
A desert environment is dry.
A desert environment is low in availability of water.
A desert environment is usually hot in temperature.
A desert environment usually has a lot of sunlight.
A different moon phase occurs once per week.
A disperser disperses.
A doorbell converts electrical energy into sound.
A female insect lays eggs during the adult stage of an insect 's life cycle.
A fish lives in water.
A flashlight converts chemical energy into light energy.
A flashlight emits light.
A flashlight requires a source of electricity to produce light.
A flower 's purpose is to produce seeds.
A flower is a source of nectar.
A flower produces pollen and seeds.
A force acting on an object in the opposite direction that the object is moving can cause that object 's speed to decrease in a forward motion.
A force continually acting on an object in the same direction that the object is moving can cause that object 's speed to increase in a forward motion.
A forest environment is often green in color.
A forest environment receives more rainfall than a desert.
A frog eats insects.
A glacier causes mechanical weathering.
A glacier is made of ice.
A glacier moves slowly.
A graduated cylinder is a kind of instrument for measuring volume of liquids or objects.
A graduated cylinder is used to measure volume of an object.
A grassland environment receives more rainfall than a desert.
A greenhouse is used to protect plants by keeping them warm.
A greenhouse is used to protect plants from the cold.
A hand dryer produces heat.
A hot plate is a source of heat.
A hot something is a source of heat.
A hot substance is a source of heat.
A human can pedal a bicycle.
A human requires rest to be healthy.
A human requires sleep to be healthy.
A kettle is formed when chunks of ice left by glaciers melt.
A landfill is a source of pollution.
A landslide is when gravity rapidly moves rocks or soil downhill especially after a rain storm.
A laser is used for producing light.
A leaf absorbs sunlight to perform photosynthesis.
A leaf performs photosynthesis.
A lever is used for moving heavy objects.
A light bulb converts electrical energy into light energy when it is turned on.
A light bulb requires electrical energy to produce light.
A line graph is used for showing change over time.
A living thing is made of cells.
A living thing requires nutrients to grow.
A magnet attracts ferromagnetic metals through magnetism.
A magnet attracts magnetic metals through magnetism.
A mammal is warm-blooded.
A mammal usually nurses its offspring.
A mammal usually nurses its young.
A meter stick is used to measure length.
A mirror is used for reflecting light.
A mirror reflects light.
A monkey births live young.
A moth undergoes metamorphosis.
A mother births offspring.
A mouse gives birth to live young.
A nest is made of branches.
A new season occurs four times per year.
A new season occurs once per three months.
A paper clip is often made of ferromagnetic metals.
A phase change is when matter changes from one state into another state.
A plane travels through the atmosphere.
A planet is exposed to the heat of the star around which it revolves.
A planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet.
A plant 's roots slowly break down rocks as the roots grow.
A plant absorbs carbon dioxide from the air for photosynthesis.
A plant cell contains chloroplasts.
A plant light is used for help plants by mimicking sunlight.
A plant requires a specific climate to grow and survive.
A plant requires photosynthesis to grow.
A plant requires soil for to grow.
A plant requires sunlight for photosynthesis.
A plant requires sunlight to grow.
A plant requires water to grow.
A plant stem contains a system of tubes for transporting water and nutrients to other parts of the plant.
A plant stem is the vehicle for transporting water and food from roots to the rest of the plant.
A plants require water for to grow.
A plateau is formed by a buildup of cooled lava.
A polar bear requires a cold environment.
A pollutions standard is a kind of standard for reducing pollutants emitted by factories.
A predator eats other animals for food.
A prism refracts light.
A producer is a source of energy for consumers.
A producer is a source of sugar in an ecosystem.
A producer produces its own food.
A pulley is used for lifting objects.
A pulley is used to lift a flag on a flagpole.
A pumpkin contains seeds.
A quartz is made of six-sided transparent crystals.
A radiator is a source of heat.
A radio is used for communication.
A rainbow is formed by refraction of light by splitting light into all different colors.
A reflector is used to reflect light especially on vehicles.
A renewable resource can be renewed.
A renewable resource can be replaced.
A reptile is cold-blooded.
A revolution is when something revolves around something else.
A revolution of the moon around the Earth takes 1 month.
A riverbank is made of soil.
A rocket engine is used to produce thrust by pushing gases out at a high speed.
A ruler is used for measuring the length of an object.
A salamander eats insects.
A sandbar is formed by water moving sediment downstream.
A satellite orbits a planet.
A scale is used for measuring weight.
A scar is an acquired characteristic.
A sea turtle lives in the ocean.
A seed is used for storing food for a new plant.
A seismograph is a kind of tool for measuring the size of an earthquake.
A seismograph is used for measuring the size of an earthquake.
A seismometer is used to measure the strength or magnitude of an earthquake.
A shower is a source of hot water for washing.
A sifter is used for separating mixtures.
A simple machine requires mechanical energy to function.
A single-cell organism can survive without the help of other cells.
A single-cell organism cannot specialize.
A skinny beak is used for obtaining food by a bird from small spaces.
A skunk produces a bad odor.
A soda can is made of aluminum.
A solar eclipse could only happen during the new moon.
A solar panel converts sunlight into electricity.
A solution is made of one substance dissolved in another substance.
A source of something supplies that something.
A spider web is used to capture food by spiders.
A squid produces thrust by pushing water out of its body.
A star is a source of light energy through nuclear reactions.
A star is a source of light through nuclear reactions.
A star is made of gases.
A stem is a source of support for a plant.
A stem is used to store water by some plants.
A stinger is used for defense by a wasp.
A stopwatch is used to measure time.
A stove generates heat for cooking usually.
A switch is used to stop the flow of current in an electrical circuit.
A tape measure is used to measure distance.
A tape measure is used to measure length.
A tectonic plate moves along a fault line.
A telescope is used for observing stars.
A telescope is used for observing the sky.
A thermal conductor is made of materials that conduct thermal energy.
A thermal energy conductor transfers heat from hotter objects to cooler objects.
A thermal insulator slows the transfer of heat.
A thermometer is used to measure temperature.
A toaster converts electrical energy into heat energy for toasting.
A tree can be replaced by planting a new tree.
A tree growing a tree-growth ring occurs once per year.
A tree is a source of food for animals in an ecosystem.
A tree is a source of food for birds in an ecosystem.
A trunk is a source of support for a tree.
A valley is formed by a river flowing.
A warm front causes cloudy and rainy weather.
A warm something is a source of heat.
A white object reflects all visible light.
A windmill converts wind energy into electricity.
A windmill does not create pollution.
Absorbing sunlight causes objects to heat.
Acid can cause chemical change.
Acid rain has a negative impact on water quality.
Adaptation is when an organism develops a trait over time for survival.
Adaptations are used for survival.
Adding heat to an object sometimes causes chemical reactions.
Adding heat to something kills viruses in that something.
Adding salt to a liquid decreases the melting point of that liquid.
Adding salt to a solid decreases the freezing point of that solid.
Adult amphibians live on land.
Adulthood is a stage in the life cycle process.
Air is a vehicle for sound.
Algae is found in bodies of water.
All animals breathe.
All cells perform cellular respiration.
All living things eliminate waste.
All living things grow.
All minerals are formed by natural geological processes.
Alligators eat fish.
Alloys are made of two or more metals.
Alternative fuel is usually a renewable resource.
what is the name of justin bieber brother?
what character did natalie portman play in star wars?
where donald trump went to college?
what countries around the world speak french?
The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they advocated violence.
The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it's too small.
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had given.